Scenario
You have recently been hired as a Data Analyst at the Acme Pharmaceutical Company. The first task that you are faced with is to analyze their employee data. The Chief Executive Officer (CEO), Chief Operations Officer (COO), Chief Financial Officer (CFO) of the organization have expressed concerns that they are losing to many employees (attrition) and they would like to improve their employee retention. If staff continue to leave, they are concerned they will lose research and production time and that they will not be able to deliver on sales orders to customers, leading in lower profits. 
They would like to know if there are any characteristics of employees that make them more likely to leave the company. The company has provided a file to you of their HR data, and they asked you to begin your analysis. Before you can perform an analysis, you know that you need to define the problem, state the goals, and identifier the stakeholders. Then you need to explore the data and understand what type of data they gave you, the counts of the data, and any initial trends or findings you make. Next, you will uncover missing data, outliers, wrong data, and any other issues that might arise. 
After you have completed your exploration, you then need to develop a plan on how to address any issues with the data. You will need to explicitly answer how you are making changes and answer why you are doing this. Then you will execute the changes that you planned. Lastly, you will revisit the data after you have made your changes, almost a “before” and “after” to show the leadership in the company what you have done. You will provide three recommendations for improving data collection in the future. 
You will write up a memo in the template provided. You will initially be providing a report only to the Director of Human Resources and Chief of Staff before anything is sent to the leadership. They will evaluate your exploration and preparation plan and then provide feedback to you before you move to the next phase-data visualization. 
